How USERS will use the stick? 
    When stick will be delivered to the blind person.
    1. Turn on the Smart Stick: The user should locate the power button and turn on the device.
    
    2. His guardian/relative/friend will open any smart phone and 
       connect the stick's wifi named as "Smart Stick Not Set"
    
    3. Then they will click on a pop-up that will appear on their phone
       and then a page will open up that will say to click on "Set Up" button
       to do set up.
    
    4. After clicking on "Set Up" button he will be redirected to a page 
       where his guardian/relative/friend have to fill the username, 
       password, hint text, address, emergency phone number and have to 
       give his finger print using phone if phone don't have fingerprint 
       sensor user can give it using stick's fingerprint sensor.
    
    5. Finally, his guardian/relative/friend click on "Save" button and 
       they will be redirected to the page that will be broadcasted to 
       everyone.
    
    6. And then stick will be turned functional and ready to use using 
       fingerprint.
    
    7. Now, They only need to press on/off button that is physically
       present on the stick to power on/off the stick.

    8. If user wants to update the details then they have to click on 
       settings button and have to fill all details again if password or
       hint text matches all details will be updated.
    
    9. Start walking: The user can start walking with the Smart Stick in hand. 
       As they move, the Smart Stick will detect obstacles and provide audio 
       feedback to the user.
     
   10. Listen to audio feedback: The Smart Stick will provide audio feedback 
       to the user, informing them of obstacles and changes in their environment. 
       The user should pay attention to this feedback and adjust their movements 
       accordingly.
       The audio will be played in three ways using the fingerprint sensor:
           I. One Tab- On/Off the interative speaking mode
           II. Double Tab- On/Off the auto-speaking mode
           III. Long Touch - Speak until the finger is placed in finger
                print sensor
   11. Use the Smart Stick to navigate: The Smart Stick can be used to navigate 
       through different environments, such as crowded streets, public transportation, 
       and indoor spaces. The user should rely on the Smart Stick to detect obstacles 
       and provide guidance. 
   
   12. Charge the Smart Stick: The Smart Stick should be charged regularly to ensure 
       that it remains functional. The user should locate the charging port and connect 
       the device to a power source.